CFE-650: ALBO supports k8s service resource types using NLB (#52309)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-aws-load-balancer-operator.adoc

* Public and private subnets of the discovered VPC.

> The AWS Load Balancer Operator supports the Kubernetes service resource type `LoadBalancer` by using Network Load Balancer (NLB) with the `instance` target type only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Load Balancer Operator supports the Kubernetes service resource of type `LoadBalancer` by using Network Load Balancer (NLB) with the `instance` target type only.
```

Author: Addressed

> The AWS Load Balancer Operator supports the Kubernetes service resource type `LoadBalancer` by using Network Load Balancer (NLB) with the `instance` or the `ip` target type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AWS Load Balancer Operator supports the Kubernetes service resource type `LoadBalancer` by using Network Load Balancer (NLB) with the `instance` target type only.
```

Author: Addressed
